Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/kickComplex.md

# $kick[]
Kicks the provided user. 

### Syntax
```
$kick[userID;(reason)]
```

#### Parameters
- `userID` `(Type : Snowflake || Flag : Required)` : The user to kick from the server.

> - `reason` `(Type : String || Flag : Vacantable)` : The audit-log reason for the kick. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `userID` `(Type: Snowflake || Flag: Required)`: The user to kick from the server.
- `reason` `(Type: String || Flag: Vacantable)`: The audit-log reason for the kick.
```
